---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-14T05:33:54.864Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-14T05:33:11.905Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-14-947c53fa-99a7-4afb-87d0-d4e5ff01fdc9.md
published: true
url: 947c53fa-99a7-4afb-87d0-d4e5ff01fdc9/index.html
_type: Article

---
Smartalock is the intelligent office storage locker solution for the modern workplace.

Leveraging the latest research in Activity Based Workspace (ABW) the Smartalock system enables dynamic allocation and use of office storage space with user friendly and convenient access to lockers directly from smartphones, existing building cards or touchscreen kiosk.

The Smartalock App integrates tightly with the locker system, allowing for easy assignment of an employee's locker using the proximity and bluetooth features built into the iPhone.

App Features include

- Dynamic assignment of lockers based on users proximity to locker bank

- Open locker via 1 tap, or simply shake iPhone to unlock when coming within range

- Alerts for locker tamper attempts, forgotten locker numbers and

- Reminders to clear locker based on time of day and geo-location

- Release lockers directly from your phone back into the available pool for others to use

- Directly share access to locker with other employees via text or email

- Also Integrates with building access card system so both access card or iPhone can open lockers

- Control smartlocker USB power and internal light features

The Smartalock system replaces your tired manual padlock based system. Gone are the lost keys, bolt cutters and insecure cleaner access. And unlike other "semi-smart", battery powered lock systems, Smartalock is practically maintenance free, yet works with the smartphones and building cards that employees already have.

- Convenient locker access direct via Android and Apple Smartphones, existing building access card or integrated touchscreen kiosk.

- Efficient allocation of lockers to users based on their real-time office location and needs

- Flexible configuration for single user, multi user and team/group lockers.

- Super simple installation, configuration and practically no ongoing maintenance

- Setup rules around locker use time, after-hours access, emergency access

- External indicator usage lights, soft door opening, power-out manual override all included

- Optional integration with IT systems - such as Microsoft AD or Building management systems

- Detailed usage analytics over time provides recommendations for where lockers can be safely under provisioned (and thus valuable office floorspace recovered)

Take your ABW enabled workspace to the next level of efficiency.